jQuery.ui.ThemeSwitcher
========================
by Skaman Sam Tyler <sam@rbe.homeip.net>
----------------------------------------

ThemeSwitcher is a jQuery UI widget which displays a list of UI themes with previews. It is a rewrite of 
the jQuery themeswitchertool found at http://jqueryui.com/docs/Theming/ThemeSwitcher.

FEATURES / CHANGES
------------------
 - Uses the jQuery UI widget factory. This makes the tool an actual widget, instead of just a jQuery plugin.
 - Removed a few unnecessary elements that were generated by the script
 - Now uses a stylesheet instead of inline styles
 - Addresses several issues listed on the jQuery Trac:

BUGS FIXED
----------
 - bug #6991. Since the tool is now a widget, it should be more friendly with other libraries that use the $ function. However, this has not been tested yet.
 - bug #5548. Added the ability to specify themes not listed on the jQuery UI gallery (i.e. your own custom theme)
 - enhancement #5306. Handlers for `onClose()`, `onOpen()`, and `onSelect()` now pass in a reference to the ThemeSwitcher widget. 
 - enhancement #4868. Added the `cookieOptions` option. This will allow you to pass options directly to the `jQuery.cookie` plugin. The options are: `expires`, `path`, `domain`, `secure`
 - enhancement #4713. Added the `useCookie` option.
 - enhancement #4715. Added the `useStandard` option to specify whether to use the Gallery themes
 - enhancement #4715. Added the `disableTheme` option to specify which Gallery themes to disable.
 - enhancement #4714. Added the `selectOnStart` option to dis/enable firing `onSelect()` at initialization
 - feature #4196. Added the `isThemeable` option to allow theming of the widget itself.

TODO:
-----
- Implement `refresh()` to refresh the list. Possibly `addTheme()` to append to list without refreshing the whole list
- Implement option `sort:true` to sort list of themes by name
- Implement `onSelect`, `onClose`, `onOpen` as `bind()`-able events (using `trigger()`)

OPTIONS:
--------
`loadTheme: null`
	The theme name to selsct when starting up
`initialText: 'Switch Theme'`
	The initial text of the button
`height: null`, width:null`
	The width and height of the button
`pHeight: null`, `pWidth:null`
	The width and height of the panel
`buttonPreText: 'Theme: '`
	The button text that comes before the theme name when the theme is applied 
`closeOnSelect: true`
	Whether to close the chooser when an itme is selected.
`cookieName: 'jquery-ui-theme'`
	The name of the cookie when using cookies
`onOpen: function(obj) {}`, `onClose: function(obj) {}`
	The function to call when the selector is open/closed. The themeswitcher object is passed to it.
`onSelect: function(obj) {}`
	The function to call when a theme is selected. The themeswitcher object is passed to it.
`useStandard: true`
	Whether to use the standard Gallery listed on the jQuery site. The theme hash is located in the getStandard() method, so you can obtain the list and modify it at runtime.
`cssPrefix: "http://ajax.googleapis.com/ajax/libs/jqueryui/1.8.10/themes/"`, `cssSuffix: "/jquery-ui.css"`
	Used for locating the standard themes. The full path is evaluated as `cssPrefix + themeName + cssSuffix`
`imgPrefix: "http://static.jquery.com/ui/themeroller/images/themeGallery/theme_90_"`, `imgSuffix: ".png"`
	How to locate the icons for each theme. The pattern is `imgPrefix + themeName + imgSuffix`
`imageLocation:"/javascripts/jquery/themeswitcher/"`
	Where the images are that are part of the button. This probably needs to be part of the CSS file.
`themes:{}`
	A list of themes you want to add to the list. The hash is in the form: `'themeName':{icon:'path/to/icon.png',css:'path/to/css/file.css'}`
	If either option is not given, the location of the icon is: `imgPrefix+themeName+imgSuffix`, and the 
	location of the css file is `cssPrefix+themeName+cssSuffix`
`useCookie: true`
	Set to false to disable the saving of state
`cookieFunction:function(themeName){}`
	Use this function instead of the default cookie function. Using this, you can save/restore from a server instead of a cookie.
`cookieOptions: {}`
	Pass in these options to the cookie. Options are: path,domain,secure,expires
`disableTheme: []`
	List of themes to disable. Warning:giving the name of your custom theme will make it not show up in the list.
`selectOnStart: true`
	Whether or not to call the onSelect() method during the widget's initialization.
`isThemable: false`
	Whether or not to use jQuery UI themes for the switcher. If enabled, it will look like a ui.button.
`autoDetect: true`
	Whether to auto-detect which theme is currently active. Only used during initialization and if loadTheme is not set.